1. What is `NPM`?
   Package manager. helps in managing all packages and dependencies for an application.
   
2. What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
   Bundler. Provides other features for application like hot module replacement, live server, optimization, minification

3. What is `.parcel-cache`?
   Space taken by parcel to do its things.
   Stores information about your project when parcel builds it, so that when it rebuilds, it doesn't have to re-parse and re-analyze everything from scratch.
   It's a key reason why parcel can be so fast in development mode.

4. What is `npx` ?
   The npx stands for **Node Package Execute** and it comes with the npm, when you installed npm above 5.2.0 version then automatically npx will installed. It is an npm package runner that can execute any package that you want from the npm registry without even installing that package.
   npm is used to **download** JavaScript packages from Node Package Manager, and npx is used to **execute** JavaScript packages downloaded this way.

5. What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`
   A dependency is a library that a project needs to function effectively. DevDependencies are the packages a developer needs during development.

6. What is Tree Shaking?
   the removal of dead code. It relies on the import and export statements to detect if code modules are exported and imported for use between JavaScript files.
   Module bundler like webpack or parcel automatically remove dead code when bundling multiple JavaScript files into single files

7. What is Hot Module Replacement?
   Hot Module Replacement (HMR) improves the development experience by automatically updating modules in the browser at runtime without needing a whole page refresh. 
   This means that application state can be retained as you change small things. Parcel's HMR implementation supports both JavaScript and CSS assets.

8. List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.
   HMR, Optimization, Minification, Caching, File watcher, HTTPS

9. What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
   A gitignore file specifies intentionally untracked files that Git should ignore. Files already tracked by Git are not affected.
   Add files/dependencies that could not be generated by the code on git like package.lock.json
   Skip files that can be generated by code on git like node_modules(can be generated by package.lock.json)

10. What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`?
    package.json containes information about packages, names and version that are used. Future versions can be upgraded using ^ or ~
    package-lock.json containes exact package information like version and mains integrity which is used on production builds

11. Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
12. What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git? Not to be pushed on git
13. What is the `dist` folder? 
14. What is `browserlists`?
15. Read about dif bundlers: vite, webpack, parcel
16. Read about: ^ - caret and ~ - tilda
17. Read about Script types in html (MDN Docs)
    type sttribute - not set/ empty string/ JavaScript MIME type (module or importmap)
